- Wie Dik und Hegeveld als Quelle? Paul-Otto sagt als "Dik"
- Formatierung, insb. Quellen
- Titel aendern oder lassen? (dies anbei mitteilen)
- Paul-Otto moechte als "Paul O." (dies anbei mitteilen, fuer oben, bei Quellen einfach aendern)

Kompletter Text der Email:

Dear Fabian, Christoph and Paul-Otto,
The Programme Committee for ICFG12 has rounded off the process of anonymous reviewing. We are happy to inform you that your posterr entitled '' A modular system for generating linguistic expressions from Underlying Clause Structures'  has been accepted for presentation in São José do Rio Preto.
We thank you for offering to present this interesting poster at ICFG12.
 
We asked you to send in an extended abstract for the evaluation procedure, and would like to ask you now to prepare a short version of that abstract for publication in the book of abstracts and possibly on the FG website.
This short version should be maximally one page long, including references, using the template attached to this message. Please do not change any of the settings in this template, and make sure that your abstract fits on the page. Please let us know if you would like to change the title of your poster, or any other information given in the header of the template. Please send us your short abstract before April 15. (fg-fgw@uva.nl)
 
Though your presentation now has been accepted officially, you still have to pre-register for the conference. You can do so by using the pre-registration form provided on the conference's webpage at www.functionalgrammar.com
Note that Brazilian participants are offered the possibility to pay the fee in advance , before April 1, 2006, as well as upon registration. Non-Brazilian participants can pay the fee upon registration at the conference only.
 
Further information on the conference can be found at the conference's website at www.functionalgrammar.com
If you do not find the information you require there, you may contact fg-fgw@uva.nl 
 
Thank you again for your submission. We are looking forward to seeing you in São José do Rio Preto!
On behalf of the Programme Committee of ICFG12,